Item Metadata for: http://libcdm1.uncg.edu/cdm/ref/collection/RAS/id/1093
Headline: Fifty dollars reward!
Publishing newspaper: Salisbury, N.C. : Western Carolinian
Date of advertisement: 1823-10-14
Page: 3
Time period (decade): 1820-1829
Person placing ad: Nathan Chaffin
Date of departure: 1823-07-01; 1823-09-01
County of residence: Rowan County (N.C.)
Presumed or intended destination: Mocksville (N.C.);Salisbury (N.C.)
Slave name(s): Jacob; Payton; Neptune
Slaveholder: Nathan Chaffin
Transcript: Fifty Dollars Reward!<BR> RAN away from the subscriber's plantation, in the Fork of the Yadkin, Rowan county, North-Carolina, about the first of July last, a Negro Boy by the name of JACOB, about 18 years of age; 5 feet 5 or 6 inches high, some what on the yellowish order, smooth round face, on close examination one cheek appears to be somewhat large than the other, when surprized[sic] he assumes a wild look, he stoops a little when walking or standing, is very artful and cunning.<BR> Also, about the first of September, two other negro men made their elopement: one by the name of Payton, the other Neptune, each about 22 years of age; Payton is about 5 feet 7 or 8 inches high, keen made, very stout and active to his size, very black smooth face, and has a shy look and very plausible in his conversation, and puts on a quizzical smile when he is apprehensive of being detected of a fault. Neptune is a stout, strong made fellow, about 5 feet 9 or 10 inches high, black rough face, a down look and small impediment in his speech when reproved. Clothes unknown. They have lurking some weeks past through the different parts of the Forks of the Yadkin; and is conjectured that they have been with a yellow boy of Gen. Pearson's in the neighborhood of Mocksville, and Col. Kelly's quarters, and perhaps in the neighborhood of Salisbury. As I have not heard of them for several days, perhaps they have left these parts, to go to some place where they can be better concealed; and perhaps may try to pass for free men, or go off with some white person. I will give the above reward for their apprehension, or pay in proportion to that sum for each of them that are delivered to me at my residence in the Fork of the Yadkin, or lodged in some jail so that I can get them, and all reasonable charges paid. <BR> NATHAN CHAFFIN.<BR>Oct. 11, 1823.  '75tf
Subject headings: Fugitive slaves--North Carolina--History--Sources;Slavery--North Carolina--History--Sources;Plantation life--North Carolina--History--Sources;North Carolina--History--1775-1865--Sources
Type: Text
Original format: clippings;advertisements
Language: en
Source collection: North Carolina Runaway Slave Advertisements Digital Collection
Collection home page: http://libcdm1.uncg.edu/cdm/landingpage/collection/RAS
Rights statement: http://rightsstatements.org/vocab/NoC-US/1.0/
Additional rights information: NO COPYRIGHT - UNITED STATES. This item has been determined to be free of copyright restrictions in the United States. The user is responsible for determing actual copyright status for any reuse of the material.
Microfilm #: 692
Microfilm Roll: 1
Object ID: 06920101-1823-10-14-03-01
Date digitized: 2011
Digital master format: Image/tiff
Digital access format: Image/jp2
Digital publisher: The University of North Carolina at Greensboro
Funding source: NC ECHO Digitization Grant administered using LSTA funds through the State Library of North Carolina.
OCLC number: 908778220
