Item Metadata for: http://libcdm1.uncg.edu/cdm/ref/collection/RAS/id/1211
Headline: Notice
Publishing newspaper: HIllsborough, N.C. : Hillsborough Recorder
Date of advertisement: 1823-03-05
Page: 3
Time period (decade): 1820-1829
Person placing ad: Benjamin Rogers
Date of departure: 1819
County of residence: Wake County (N.C.)
Slave name(s): Lewis
Slave alias: Lewis Petteford
Slaveholder: Benjamin Rogers
Former slaveholder: John Cabe, Esquire
Transcript: NOTICE.<BR>RAN away from the subscriber, living in Wake county, North Carolina, on Neuse river, sixteen miles north of Raleigh, a negro fellow named LEWIS, about twenty-three years old, of a dark complexion, and spare make, though of tolerable size, height not particularly recollected; he has sound white fore teeth, his neck somewhat longer than common, and the white of his eyes clearer than usual for negroes; his back has some marks of the switch.  He is a negro of a tolerably good countenance, active in almost any farming business, and a good distiller.  It is supposed he went off on a bay mare, forward with foal, tolerably old, and has a knot on her back.  This negro formerly belonged to the estate of John Cabe, esq. of Orange county.  It is supposed that he will endeavour to pass as a freeman, and has probably procured a free pass.  He ran away in the year 1819, while the property of Mr. Cabe, deceased, and spent the most of his time in the towns of Milton and Oxford, and passed as a freeman by the name of Lewis Petteford.  Any person that will apprehend said negro and deliver him to me, or commit him to jail so that I get him, shall be liberally rewarded, and all reasonable expenses paid.  A liberal reward also will be given, and all reasonable expenses paid, for the nag he went away on.<BR>Benjamin Rogers.<BR>March 4  60--tf
Subject headings: Fugitive slaves--North Carolina--History--Sources;Slavery--North Carolina--History--Sources;Plantation life--North Carolina--History--Sources;North Carolina--History--1775-1865--Sources
Type: Text
Original format: clippings;advertisements
Language: en
Source collection: North Carolina Runaway Slave Advertisements Digital Collection
Collection home page: http://libcdm1.uncg.edu/cdm/landingpage/collection/RAS
Rights statement: http://rightsstatements.org/vocab/NoC-US/1.0/
Additional rights information: NO COPYRIGHT - UNITED STATES. This item has been determined to be free of copyright restrictions in the United States. The user is responsible for determing actual copyright status for any reuse of the material.
Microfilm #: 249
Microfilm Roll: 1
Object ID: 02490101-1823-03-05-03-01
Date digitized: 2011
Digital master format: Image/tiff
Digital access format: Image/jp2
Digital publisher: The University of North Carolina at Greensboro
Funding source: NC ECHO Digitization Grant administered using LSTA funds through the State Library of North Carolina.
OCLC number: 908780804
