Item Metadata for: http://libcdm1.uncg.edu/cdm/ref/collection/RAS/id/2222
Headline: Twenty Five dollars reward
Publishing newspaper: [Place of publication not identified] : The Star and North Carolina Gazette
Date of advertisement: 1818-04-10
Page: 4
Time period (decade): 1810-1819
Person placing ad: Alexander Sorsby
Date of departure: 1818-01-24
County of residence: Nash County (N.C.)
Slave name(s): Ben
Slave alias: Ben Thorn;John Doctor
Slaveholder: Alexander Sorsby
Transcript: TWENTY FIVE DOLLARS REWARD.<BR>RANAWAY from the Subscriber on the night of the 24th inst. a Negro Man, by the name of BEN; commonly called Ben Thorn-he is about 5 feet 6 or 7 inches high, between 30 or 40 years old, perhaps might weigh between 145 and 160 pounds-is of a bright complexion, neither black nor mulatto-is well made, stands a little wide, and springs back in his knees--has a round head, middling long neck--long face, flat jaws, high nose, inclined to be Roman, and somewhat sharp--his mouth projects out, and is tolerable large, with a very good set of teeth--speaks broad and quick, and endeavours to speak proper language-his arms is [sic] rather long, and short fingers--he has thick, short hair, and inclined to be square across his forehead--fine grained skin, &c. He is a little ruptured, or what is called bursting, in consequence of which he commonly wears a truss. He had when he went away, a furred or knaped hat, considerably worn--a blue broad cloth coat, worn out at the elbows and cuffs--a homespun jacket, blue grounded, with small white streaks, he [sic] stripes went around, a pair of white homespun pantaloons, a pair of mixed do. a black velvet cravat, and what is called a white comforter, with some other old clothing. He can read and write, so as he can be understood, is very intelligent, being acquainted with a number of States, sea port towns, and other noted places. It is presumed that he has an instrument of writing, and will endeavour to pass as a free man, having made the attempt and was apprehended with a free pass in the town of Edenton, on the 16th of February, 1816, where he went by the name of John Doctor, and was imprisoned about three months--and taken out of Jail by me. His intentions were at that time, and I make no doubt are now, to get on board some vessel and escape to some of the Northern States, where slavery is not tolerated. It is presumed he will alter his name, and change his features (if possible.) All masters and owners of vessels are hereby forwarned from taking said Negro on board. The above reward will be given to any person who will apprehend said negro, and confine him in any jail, and give me information so that I get him again. <BR>ALEX. [ALEXANDER] SORSBY.<BR>Nash County, N.C. February 20, 1818.
Subject headings: Fugitive slaves--North Carolina--History--Sources;Slavery--North Carolina--History--Sources;Plantation life--North Carolina--History--Sources;North Carolina--History--1775-1865--Sources
Type: Text
Original format: clippings;advertisements
Language: en
Source collection: North Carolina Runaway Slave Advertisements Digital Collection
Collection home page: http://libcdm1.uncg.edu/cdm/landingpage/collection/RAS
Rights statement: http://rightsstatements.org/vocab/NoC-US/1.0/
Additional rights information: NO COPYRIGHT - UNITED STATES. This item has been determined to be free of copyright restrictions in the United States. The user is responsible for determing actual copyright status for any reuse of the material.
Microfilm #: 2167
Microfilm Roll: 2
Object ID: 21670201-1818-04-10-04-2
Date digitized: 2011
Digital master format: Image/tiff
Digital access format: Image/jp2
Digital publisher: The University of North Carolina at Greensboro
Funding source: NC ECHO Digitization Grant administered using LSTA funds through the State Library of North Carolina.
OCLC number: 908797743
