Item Metadata for: http://libcdm1.uncg.edu/cdm/ref/collection/RAS/id/1048
Headline: Fifty dollars reward
Publishing newspaper: Raleigh, N.C. : Raleigh Register and North Carolina Weekly Advertiser
Date of advertisement: 1825-09-02
Page: 4
Time period (decade): 1820-1829
Person placing ad: John B. Vincent
Date of departure: 1825-08-10
County of residence: Orange County (N.C.)
Presumed or intended destination: Meherrin (Va.)
Slave name(s): Dave
Slaveholder: John B. Vincent
Former slaveholder: Ross Hutcheson
Transcript: Fifty Dollars Reward.<BR>RANAWAY from the subscriber, on the 10th inst. without a fault, a Negro Man named DAVE, about 32 years of age, is about 5 feet 7 or 8 inches high, slender made, yellow complexion, down look when spoken to, speaks not very quick when spoken to; has not got good eyes, on account of having wild hairs in them at all times.  It is probable Dave will try to pass for a free man; he has travelled a good deal with the waggon in different parts of this state and Virginia, and don't lack for want of sense.  I have been told that he has gone to Virginia to see his father; and that his father lives in Meherrin, Va. near Gholson's Bridge.  His father, I have been told, is of Indian descent, and is a free man: his name is said to be Kinchen Tucker; and he will no doubt conceal him, should Dave get there.  When he went away he had good clothes, and dressed equal to any servant: he had a new fur hat on, and forty or fifty dollars in cash, about forty of which was in specie.  I purchased him of a Mr. Ross Hutcheson, living within six miles of me, a man who raised him.  I will give the above reward if taken out of the state, and if taken in the state, twenty-five dollars if put in any jail so that I get him again.-- Should said negro man Dave be taken up information can be given me by letter, addressed to Hillsborough, or to Pleasant Grove, Orange county, N.C.<BR>JOHN B. VINCENT.<BR>August 23.    86 3t
Subject headings: Fugitive slaves--North Carolina--History--Sources;Slavery--North Carolina--History--Sources;Plantation life--North Carolina--History--Sources;North Carolina--History--1775-1865--Sources
Type: Text
Original format: clippings;advertisements
Language: en
Source collection: North Carolina Runaway Slave Advertisements Digital Collection
Collection home page: http://libcdm1.uncg.edu/cdm/landingpage/collection/RAS
Rights statement: http://rightsstatements.org/vocab/NoC-US/1.0/
Additional rights information: NO COPYRIGHT - UNITED STATES. This item has been determined to be free of copyright restrictions in the United States. The user is responsible for determing actual copyright status for any reuse of the material.
Microfilm #: 252
Microfilm Roll: 10
Object ID: 02521001-1825-09-02-04
Date digitized: 2011
Digital master format: Image/tiff
Digital access format: Image/jp2
Digital publisher: The University of North Carolina at Greensboro
Funding source: NC ECHO Digitization Grant administered using LSTA funds through the State Library of North Carolina.
OCLC number: 908778034
