Item Metadata for: http://libcdm1.uncg.edu/cdm/ref/collection/RAS/id/188
Headline: $125 reward
Publishing newspaper: Raleigh, N.C. : Raleigh Register and North Carolina Weekly Advertiser
Date of advertisement: 1825-06-24
Page: 2
Time period (decade): 1820-1829
Person placing ad: John D. Hawkins
Date of departure: 1825-04
County of residence: Franklin County (N.C)
Presumed or intended destination: Carteret County (N.C.)
Slave name(s): Gloster;Granderson
Slaveholder: John D. Hawkins
Transcript: $125 REWARD.<BR>RANAWAY from the Subscriber about two months ago, two negro fellows-- GLOSTER, a small black man, with long visage, 4 feet 6 or 7 inches high, has a lope in his walk, and is about 42 years of age.  He will aim for the county of Carteret in this State, where he wishes to live, and where he is well known.  The other GRANDERSON, a  man about twenty-three years of age, a coarse Carpenter, and is remarkably white for a slave, and might readily be taken for a white man; is a strong well set fellow, rather above ordinary size.  He may have a scar on his forehead between, or rather above his eye-brows, ranging up and down, as by accident, the edge of an axe flying for its helve cut him there some years ago.  One of his arms was broken, when small, near the wrist joint, and it is believed the left, which shows that joint enlarged, and has the appearance of dislocation, bending outwards, with the end of the outer bone of the arm next the joint considerably increased in size.  His eyes are what are called blue, his hair is very straight, of a dingy yellowish white.-- Had perhaps, when he went off, a black furred hat, and round-about blue broad cloth coat.  He is a blunt spoken fellow, speaks with assurance, and stutters and stammers in speaking, particularly when confused.  His purpose is doubtless to pass for a free man.  I will give for Gloster, if safely delivered in any Jail so that I can get him again, twenty-five dollars, and for Granderson I will give one hundred dollars, if safely delivered in Jail, so that I can get him again, and I will for either or both, besides, pay all reasonable expenses, if delivered to me, at my residence in Franklin county, N.C.<BR>JOHN D. HAWKINS.<BR>June 10th, 1825    67--tf
Subject headings: Fugitive slaves--North Carolina--History--Sources;Slavery--North Carolina--History--Sources;Plantation life--North Carolina--History--Sources;North Carolina--History--1775-1865--Sources
Type: Text
Original format: clippings;advertisements
Language: en
Source collection: North Carolina Runaway Slave Advertisements Digital Collection
Collection home page: http://libcdm1.uncg.edu/cdm/landingpage/collection/RAS
Rights statement: http://rightsstatements.org/vocab/NoC-US/1.0/
Additional rights information: NO COPYRIGHT - UNITED STATES. This item has been determined to be free of copyright restrictions in the United States. The user is responsible for determing actual copyright status for any reuse of the material.
Microfilm #: 252
Microfilm Roll: 10
Object ID: 02521001-1825-06-24-02
Date digitized: 2011
Digital master format: Image/tiff
Digital access format: Image/jp2
Digital publisher: The University of North Carolina at Greensboro
Funding source: NC ECHO Digitization Grant administered using LSTA funds through the State Library of North Carolina.
OCLC number: 908771149
