Item Metadata for: http://libcdm1.uncg.edu/cdm/ref/collection/RAS/id/1485
Headline: One hundred dollars reward
Publishing newspaper: Raleigh, N.C. : Raleigh Register and North Carolina Weekly Advertiser
Date of advertisement: 1826-07-21
Page: 2
Time period (decade): 1820-1829
Person placing ad: Shadrack Ingram
Date of departure: 1826-07-08
County of residence: Johnston County (N.C.)
Slave name(s): Ben;Mike
Slaveholder: Shadrack Ingram
Transcript: One Hundred Dollars Reward.<BR>RANAWAY from the Subscriber, on the 8th July, instant, two Negroes-BEN, about 22 years old, black complected, five feet five and three-quarters inches high, weighs about one hundred and forty-five pounds; his right ear cut off, and branded on his left cheek with the letter T, which brand has been inflicted lately, and is not very visible.  MIKE, a Negro man about 22 years of age, incline to be yellow complected, five feet two and half inches high, weighs about one hundred and twenty-five pounds, has a smiling countenance, and speaks mild; he is branded on the right cheek with the letter T, and has a scar on his left cheek, occasioned by a burn when he was branded; his left eye is some less than his right: he has a small aperture between his under teeth before, but not so large as to induce a belief that a tooth had been extracted; there is also between his upper fore teeth a wider space than is usual in men.  I have no doubt but that they will attempt to pass as free men, and go to some of the non-slave-holding States, and will likely, for that purpose, endeavor to get on board some vessel.  I will give the above reward for both the boys, to be lodged in any Jail so that I get them, or fifty dollars for either and, if delivered to me, seven miles south of Smithfield, Johnston county, N.C. will pay all reasonable expenses.<BR>SHADRACK INGRAM.<BR>Johnson City, July 11.     79 6w
Subject headings: Fugitive slaves--North Carolina--History--Sources;Slavery--North Carolina--History--Sources;Plantation life--North Carolina--History--Sources;North Carolina--History--1775-1865--Sources
Type: Text
Original format: clippings;advertisements
Language: en
Source collection: North Carolina Runaway Slave Advertisements Digital Collection
Collection home page: http://libcdm1.uncg.edu/cdm/landingpage/collection/RAS
Rights statement: http://rightsstatements.org/vocab/NoC-US/1.0/
Additional rights information: NO COPYRIGHT - UNITED STATES. This item has been determined to be free of copyright restrictions in the United States. The user is responsible for determing actual copyright status for any reuse of the material.
Microfilm #: 252
Microfilm Roll: 10
Object ID: 02521001-1826-07-21-02
Date digitized: 2011
Digital master format: Image/tiff
Digital access format: Image/jp2
Digital publisher: The University of North Carolina at Greensboro
Funding source: NC ECHO Digitization Grant administered using LSTA funds through the State Library of North Carolina.
OCLC number: 908786499
