Item Metadata for: http://libcdm1.uncg.edu/cdm/ref/collection/RAS/id/84
Headline: Ran away
Publishing newspaper: Raleigh, N.C. : Raleigh Register and North Carolina Weekly Advertiser
Date of advertisement: 1804-05-21
Page: 4
Time period (decade): 1800-1809
Person placing ad: Wyatt Ballard
Date of departure: 1804-03-31
County of residence: Orange County (N.C.)
Presumed or intended destination: Tarboro (N.C.); Norfolk (Va); Southampton Courthouse (Va)
Slave name(s): Davy;Tom
Slaveholder: Wyatt Ballard
Transcript: RAN AWAY.<BR>RAN away from the Subscriber in Orange County, North-Carolina, near the University, on the 31st Day of last March, two very likely young Negro Fellows not exceeding twenty-two Years old each, by name of Davy and Tom ; they both carried away with them a Home-Spun short Jacket and Overalls, filled in with Yellow Yarn. Tomhad[sic] a light grey coloured great Coat, & a blue Broad cloth under Jacket; their other clothing I cannot so well describe, but they were mostly Homespun Davy is a very black Fellow upwards of six Feet high, but rather spare made; he is a very good Sawyer and understands that business; he has a very white set of Fore Teeth, but has had several of his Jaw Teeth drawed. Tom is of a black complexion, but not so much as Davy: he is about five Feet 9 or 10 Inches high, he lisps when he talks, he walks with his Toes very much in; they both are very free spoken and humble, with as much reason and submissoion as the most of Negroes, they have both been whipped severely for stealing as their Backs will show. I have been under the apprehensions that they were about Tarborough in Edgecomb County, North Carolina, where I lately moved from, but am rather suspicious that they may undertake to get to Norfolk in Virginia, or about Southampton Court House, as they have Relations near there belonging to Mr. Henry Thomas, and Davy having had it in his power last Winter to be among them once, he perhaps may try to get to there again. Any Person that will apprehend and deliver said Negroes to me, shall be well rewarded for their trouble, or will confine them in any Jail so that I get them again.<BR>WYATT BALLARD.
Subject headings: Fugitive slaves--North Carolina--History--Sources;Slavery--North Carolina--History--Sources;Plantation life--North Carolina--History--Sources;North Carolina--History--1775-1865--Sources
Type: Text
Original format: clippings;advertisements
Language: en
Source collection: North Carolina Runaway Slave Advertisements Digital Collection
Collection home page: http://libcdm1.uncg.edu/cdm/landingpage/collection/RAS
Rights statement: http://rightsstatements.org/vocab/NoC-US/1.0/
Additional rights information: NO COPYRIGHT - UNITED STATES. This item has been determined to be free of copyright restrictions in the United States. The user is responsible for determing actual copyright status for any reuse of the material.
Microfilm #: 0252
Microfilm Roll: 2
Object ID: 02520201-1804-05-21-04
Date digitized: 2011
Digital master format: Image/tiff
Digital access format: Image/jp2
Digital publisher: The University of North Carolina at Greensboro
Funding source: NC ECHO Digitization Grant administered using LSTA funds through the State Library of North Carolina.
OCLC number: 908770711
