Item Metadata for: http://libcdm1.uncg.edu/cdm/ref/collection/RAS/id/1100
Headline: Fifty dollars reward
Publishing newspaper: Raleigh, N.C. : The North Carolina Minerva and Raleigh Advertiser
Date of advertisement: 1806-05-19
Page: 3
Time period (decade): 1800-1809
Person placing ad: John M. Goodloe
Date of departure: 1806-03-15
County of residence: Wake County (N.C.)
Place of residence: Raleigh (N.C.)
Coordinates: 35.830204,-78.641439
Presumed or intended destination: Smithfield (N.C.)
Slave name(s): Squire;Buck;Elijah
Slaveholder: John M. Goodloe
Former slaveholder: Reuben Sanders;John Bryan
Transcript: Fifty Dollars Reward. <BR>. RAN-AWAY from the subscriber, in Raleigh, on the 15th of March last, three Negro men, Squire, Buck and Elijah, whom I purchased of Reuben Sanders, Esq of Johnston county, and were formerly the property of John Bryan of said county. Squire is 35 or 36 years old, of a yellowish complexion, middle size, bushy hair, and a little grey.--Buck is 30 or 31 years old, has a darker complexion, spare made, knappy hair, a young and down look-Elijah is 18 or 19 years old, and not well grown for that age, has a scar under one eye, and formerly lived with Dr. Calvin Jones when at Smithfield. Squire and Buck had short double breasted coats, made of kersey, and dyed with bark, &c.  of a smutty grey colour-all three had over alls of the same, grey stockings, new hats, and striped blankets, double soaled shoes and homespun shirts of tow cloth.<BR> I have before offered of twenty dollars reward for them; but have been since informed they are lurking in the neighbourhood of Smithfield, or a few miles below, and from report and sundry offers made to purchase them, believe they are fed and encouraged to lye out by men who wish to purchase them at their own price, or convey them off--It is further reported that the right of the negroes is still in Sanders, and that they were left to work with me for the interest of money: That report is false and unfounded; for, on the first day of October last, I paid Mr. Sanders one thousand and fifty dollars, and took his bill of sale absolute and without reserve--warranting the title of said three negroes to me. I will give the above reward for all three, 20 dollars for each of the oldest and 10 for the other, delivered or secured in any jail so that  I get possesion.<BR>I do forwarn all persons from feeding, secreting, harbouring, carrying or conveying off said negroes under the penalties prescribed by law--and will gladly pay the additional reward of fifty dollars to any person who will bring me proof to the conviction of such offenders.<BR>John M. Goodloe.
Subject headings: Fugitive slaves--North Carolina--History--Sources;Slavery--North Carolina--History--Sources;Plantation life--North Carolina--History--Sources;North Carolina--History--1775-1865--Sources
Type: Text
Original format: clippings;advertisements
Language: en
Source collection: North Carolina Runaway Slave Advertisements Digital Collection
Collection home page: http://libcdm1.uncg.edu/cdm/landingpage/collection/RAS
Rights statement: http://rightsstatements.org/vocab/NoC-US/1.0/
Additional rights information: NO COPYRIGHT - UNITED STATES. This item has been determined to be free of copyright restrictions in the United States. The user is responsible for determing actual copyright status for any reuse of the material.
Microfilm #: 319
Microfilm Roll: 2
Object ID: 03190201-1806-05-19-03-01
Date digitized: 2011
Digital master format: Image/tiff
Digital access format: Image/jp2
Digital publisher: The University of North Carolina at Greensboro
Funding source: NC ECHO Digitization Grant administered using LSTA funds through the State Library of North Carolina.
OCLC number: 908778291
