Item Metadata for: http://libcdm1.uncg.edu/cdm/ref/collection/RAS/id/2148
Headline: Twenty-Five dollars reward
Publishing newspaper: Raleigh, N.C. : The Star
Date of advertisement: 1814-09-30
Page: 1
Time period (decade): 1810-1819
Date of departure: 1814
County of residence: Wake County (N.C.)
Place of residence: Raleigh (N.C.)
Coordinates: 35.830204,-78.641439
Slave name(s): Anthony
Slaveholder: Star Office
Former slaveholder: Gen. Jones
Transcript: Twenty-Five Dollars Reward. <BR> RANAWAY from Raleigh, a month or two ago, a mulatto man named ANTHONY, well known in Raleigh, and many parts of the State, as having been for several years the body servant of Gen. Jones, and more lately as a pressman and news carrier in the Star Office. Anthony is about 25 or 26 years of age, 5 feet 8 or 10 inches high, is a mongreal white, tuscarora and negro, has a tolerably large aquiline nose, bushy hair, though sometimes he cuts it short, has a scar on one of his cheeks, when in a good humour has a pleasing countenance, but if intoxicated the Tuscarora shows itself. He works and walks fast, is lively and talkative, full of anecdote which he relates in character with much humor, is an excellent pressman, indifferent at distributing type, a tolerable carpenter and joiner, a plain painter, an excellent manager of horses, drives well and rides elegantly, having been accustomed to race riding, is fond of cockfighting (and of man fighting when drunk) and is said to heel and pit with much skill; he can bleed and pull teeth, knows something of Medicines, is a rough barber, a bad but conceited cook, a good sawyer, can lay brick, has worked in the corn field, and can scratch ""high hob"" and ""tobacco bills"" a little on the fiddle.  He can do many other things and whatever he can't do, he pretends to have a knowledge of. His trades and qualities are thus detailed because his vanity will undoubtedly lead to a display of them. His master vice, or rather the parent of all his vices, is a fondness of strong drink, though sometimes he will abstain for months. He is an artful fellow, and if taken up will tell a most plausible story, and possibly show a forged press. Whoever will apprehend said slave and secure him in any Jail so that his owner can obtain him, shall on application at the Star Office receive the above reward an all necessary expences. <BR> Raleigh, Sept 20, 1814
Subject headings: Fugitive slaves--North Carolina--History--Sources;Slavery--North Carolina--History--Sources;Plantation life--North Carolina--History--Sources;North Carolina--History--1775-1865--Sources
Type: Text
Original format: clippings;advertisements
Language: en
Source collection: North Carolina Runaway Slave Advertisements Digital Collection
Collection home page: http://libcdm1.uncg.edu/cdm/landingpage/collection/RAS
Rights statement: http://rightsstatements.org/vocab/NoC-US/1.0/
Additional rights information: NO COPYRIGHT - UNITED STATES. This item has been determined to be free of copyright restrictions in the United States. The user is responsible for determing actual copyright status for any reuse of the material.
Microfilm #: 2167
Microfilm Roll: 1
Object ID: 21670101-1814-09-30-01-1
Date digitized: 2011
Digital master format: Image/tiff
Digital access format: Image/jp2
Digital publisher: The University of North Carolina at Greensboro
Funding source: NC ECHO Digitization Grant administered using LSTA funds through the State Library of North Carolina.
OCLC number: 908796204
