Item Metadata for: http://libcdm1.uncg.edu/cdm/ref/collection/RAS/id/2172
Headline: Twenty-Five dollars reward
Publishing newspaper: Raleigh, N.C. : The Star
Date of advertisement: 1815-02-24
Page: 1
Time period (decade): 1810-1819
Person placing ad: Daniel Kornegay;Durham Graddy
Date of departure: 1815-01-31
County of residence: Wayne County (N.C.);Cumberland County (N.C.)
Presumed or intended destination: Virginia
Slave name(s): Jim;Juda
Slaveholder: Daniel Kornegay;Durham Graddy
Transcript: Twenty-five Dollars Reward.<BR>RAN-AWAY from the subscribers on the night of the 31st of January, 1815, a Negro Man named JIM, belonging to Daniel Kornegay, esq. living in Wayne county, N.C. Stole and carried off with him a Negro GIRL JUDA, belonging to Durham Graddy, living in Cumberland county, N.C. Jim is about 27 years old, about six feet two or three inches high, very black complexion and saucy in manners; he weighs upwards of 200 lbs. He wore off a short home-spun coat and a pair of black home-spun trowsers and a black wool hat with a big top crown. Judy is about 25 years old, very black complected, of common stature, well set to her height, fierce countenance, speaks quick sharp, and has under the bottom of one of her feet a very notable seeded wart. --Judy weights about 135 lbs. She carried off with her a new black furred hat, we expect she wore off an old patched hat.  She also carried off several frocks one of which was filled with black yarn and streaked in the warp and one cotton do. one striped with red and blue, one feather bed and furniture, and one pair of blue stockings. We expect without doubt they are aiming for Isle of Wright county, Virginia, where Judy has said she has free relations. They were both bro't from Virginia when small. Any person apprehending the aforesaid Runaways, and confining them in any jail in this State, on the State of Virginia, or delivering them to either of us, of providing so that we get them again, shall receive the above reward, or for either of them they shall receive half of the above sum.<BR>DANIEL KORNEGAY.<BR>DURHAM GRADDY.<BR>Cumberland County, N.C. Feb. 6, 1815.
Subject headings: Fugitive slaves--North Carolina--History--Sources;Slavery--North Carolina--History--Sources;Plantation life--North Carolina--History--Sources;North Carolina--History--1775-1865--Sources
Type: Text
Original format: clippings;advertisements
Language: en
Source collection: North Carolina Runaway Slave Advertisements Digital Collection
Collection home page: http://libcdm1.uncg.edu/cdm/landingpage/collection/RAS
Rights statement: http://rightsstatements.org/vocab/NoC-US/1.0/
Additional rights information: NO COPYRIGHT - UNITED STATES. This item has been determined to be free of copyright restrictions in the United States. The user is responsible for determing actual copyright status for any reuse of the material.
Microfilm #: 2167
Microfilm Roll: 2
Object ID: 21670201-1815-02-23-01-1
Date digitized: 2011
Digital master format: Image/tiff
Digital access format: Image/jp2
Digital publisher: The University of North Carolina at Greensboro
Funding source: NC ECHO Digitization Grant administered using LSTA funds through the State Library of North Carolina.
OCLC number: 908796618
