Item Metadata for: http://libcdm1.uncg.edu/cdm/ref/collection/RAS/id/557
Headline: 200 dollars reward
Publishing newspaper: [Place of publication not identified] : The Star and North Carolina State Gazette
Date of advertisement: 1828-04-10
Page: 3
Time period (decade): 1820-1829
Person placing ad: Hutson Earp
Date of departure: 1828-04-05
County of residence: Johnston County (N.C.)
Slave name(s): Dick;Abram
Slaveholder: Hutson Earp
Transcript: 200 Dollars Reward.<BR>Ranaway from the subscriber in Johnston county, 8 miles above Smithfield, on the 5th inst. two negro fellows, one by the name of DICK, aged about 27 years, about five feet 6 inches high, close built, very black, and has a down look when spoken to. The other, by the name of ABRAM, aged about 17 years, about 5 feet 4 inches high, slender built, yellow complected, his right foot shorter than his left, with a lump under his right ear, occasioned by cold and being cut, also one under his chin, and, I expect, took with him a very large jack knife. I am of the belief that they are in the possession of a certain white man, who took up his board at my house not many days before they made their escape. From several circumstances which took place while he was at my house, and by what I have learned from my other negroes since, and by the confidence I placed in said negroes in staying with me, I am certain in my mind that they were tempted by some person to leave me for some purpose; for they went off without any provocation. Said white man had a negro fellow with him by the name of George, at my house, and I expect there was an agreement with them while at my house. I have learned since their escape by my other negroes, that they were to have started sooner than they did; but, for some cause unknown to me, they were detained. Said white man, I supposed, is about 37 years of age, about 5 feet 8 inches high, rather round shouldered, dark complected, very black beard, black hair, somewhat gray, large whiskers, one under foretooth out, hardly discernable without close examination, speaks very quick, tolerably slender built, and had very small feet. Said men said his place of residence was in some part of the western country, but that he had not moved his wife there yet; but intended to do so. He was a stranger to me, and I cannot tell what he may do, or has done to injure me. Any person who will apprehend said negroes and confine them in Jail so I can get them, shall receive a reward of one hundred dollars, and a like reward for the apprehension of the thief.<BR>HUTSON EARP.<BR>April 7th, 1828<BR>15-3tp
Subject headings: Fugitive slaves--North Carolina--History--Sources;Slavery--North Carolina--History--Sources;Plantation life--North Carolina--History--Sources;North Carolina--History--1775-1865--Sources
Type: Text
Original format: clippings;advertisements
Language: en
Source collection: North Carolina Runaway Slave Advertisements Digital Collection
Collection home page: http://libcdm1.uncg.edu/cdm/landingpage/collection/RAS
Rights statement: http://rightsstatements.org/vocab/NoC-US/1.0/
Additional rights information: NO COPYRIGHT - UNITED STATES. This item has been determined to be free of copyright restrictions in the United States. The user is responsible for determing actual copyright status for any reuse of the material.
Microfilm #: 2167
Microfilm Roll: 3
Object ID: 21670301-1828-04-10-03-02
Date digitized: 2011
Digital master format: Image/tiff
Digital access format: Image/jp2
Digital publisher: The University of North Carolina at Greensboro
Funding source: NC ECHO Digitization Grant administered using LSTA funds through the State Library of North Carolina.
OCLC number: 908773380
