Item Metadata for: http://libcdm1.uncg.edu/cdm/ref/collection/RAS/id/1777
Headline: Sixty dollars reward
Publishing newspaper: Raleigh, N.C. : Raleigh Register and North Carolina Weekly Advertiser
Date of advertisement: 1816-09-06
Page: 3
Time period (decade): 1810-1819
Person placing ad: Sam. P. Ashe
Date of departure: 1815-12-19
County of residence: Person County (N.C.)
Presumed or intended destination: Halifax County (N.C.)
Slave name(s): John;Seneca (Joe);Sarah
Slave alias: Seneca, Joe
Slaveholder: Sam P. Ashe
Transcript: SIXTY DOLLARS REWARD,<BR>I WILL give the above Reward for the apprehension and delivery of the following Negroes, (or in proportion for either of them) to me in Person county, or to Mr. Nelson commit, in Halifax county viz: John Seneca (alias Joe) and his wife Sarah.? John took himself off from my overseer, in Halifax county, about twelve months ago, and no doubt is at present, and has been ever since, lurking about Mr. Benjamin Crowell's (6 miles west of the Town of Halifax) where he has a wife; he is about 35 years of age, black complexion, well made, of the common stature, and a Black-smith by trade, he is so well known in the neighbourhood that it is useless to describe him more particularly. Seneca (alas Joe) took him off from home during the absence of myself and family last Christmas, and about the same time Sarah (his wife) departed from Mr. James Darby, of Caswell county, to whom she was hired--they are, no doubt, together, and I expect, lurking about some where in the county of Halifax, where they have many relations and acquaintances Seneca is about 55 years of age, rather below the ordinary height of Negroes, well made and likely, but has a down look and hesitates when spoken to--generally he wears his beard long and his hair longer on the top than elsewhere, his complexion a little lighter than common, and one remarkable thing is, he has very red lips--he is a weaver by trade, reads and preaches, and I dare say will alter his name and attempt to pass as a free man, having done the like on a former occasion--he is a very artful, sensible, cunning fellow, and no doubt will use every exertion to evade apprehension. Sarah is about 35 years of age, rather taller than common negro women, light complexion, and a pretty large stomach, she is no doubt with Seneca, it is therefore useless to describer he more particularly.<BR>I am willing to sell either or all of the above Negroes as they are.? Any information leading to the apprehension of these negroes will be thankfully received. A letter addressed to me near ""Cochran's Store, N.C."" will be attended to.<BR>SAM.[SAMUEL] P. ASHE.<BR>Person county, N.C.}<BR>September 1, 1816} 85 2m
Subject headings: Fugitive slaves--North Carolina--History--Sources;Slavery--North Carolina--History--Sources;Plantation life--North Carolina--History--Sources;North Carolina--History--1775-1865--Sources
Type: Text
Original format: clippings;advertisements
Language: en
Source collection: North Carolina Runaway Slave Advertisements Digital Collection
Collection home page: http://libcdm1.uncg.edu/cdm/landingpage/collection/RAS
Rights statement: http://rightsstatements.org/vocab/NoC-US/1.0/
Additional rights information: NO COPYRIGHT - UNITED STATES. This item has been determined to be free of copyright restrictions in the United States. The user is responsible for determing actual copyright status for any reuse of the material.
Microfilm #: 252
Microfilm Roll: 6
Object ID: 02520601-1816-09-06-03-01
Date digitized: 2011
Digital master format: Image/tiff
Digital access format: Image/jp2
Digital publisher: The University of North Carolina at Greensboro
Funding source: NC ECHO Digitization Grant administered using LSTA funds through the State Library of North Carolina.
OCLC number: 908791287
