Item Metadata for: http://libcdm1.uncg.edu/cdm/ref/collection/RAS/id/2034
Headline: One hundred dollars reward
Publishing newspaper: Raleigh, N.C. : The North Carolina Minerva and Raleigh Advertiser
Date of advertisement: 1812-06-05
Page: 3
Time period (decade): 1810-1819
Person placing ad: James H. Keys
Date of departure: 1812-05-15
County of residence: Warren County (N.C.)
Presumed or intended destination: Murfreesboro (N.C.);Hertford County (N.C.)
Slave name(s): Jacob
Slave alias: Yellow Jacob
Slaveholder: James H. Keys
Transcript: One Hundred Dollars Reward.<BR>RAN away from the subscriber, the 15th inst. a negro man named JACOB, alias Yellow Jacob. He is a tall, lusty mulatto, about six feet high, and about 21 or 22 years old. He walks remarkably strait [sic] and slow; has uncommonly large feet, which he turns out in walking. He speaks very quick, and to a person unaccustomed to hear him talk, almost unintelligible. He has rather a mild inoffensive countenance, and a manner well calculated for any species of deception. To describe him by his dress would be impossible, as he carried off several articles of clothing of different colours. He has been heard of on his way to Murfeesborough, and M[illegible]'s Neck, in Hertford county, where he was raised, and where he has several relations, and no doubt, many well disposed to conceal him. He has passed for Maj. [Major] Park's Jim, which name he probably, for some time, particularly where not known, may wish to retain. He has been heard by the overseer to throw out some hints that all should be free, and that he saw no reason why the sweat of his brow should be expended in supporting the extravagance and idleness of any man; or some words to that effect. This principle, I am informed, he wished to impress upon the minds of my other negroes; and I doubt not will attempt to do the same wherever he goes. It therefore becomes, not only the duty, but the interest of every person, possessed of such property, to apprehend such fellow, and thereby avert the progress of such dangerous principles. I will give ten dollars to any person, who will apprehend him, and lodge him in the jail of the county where taken; and the above reward of 100 dollars to any person, who will discover and give evidence against any person or persons, who may harbour, conceal or employ said negro, so that he, she or they, so harbouring, &c. be legally convicted of the same.<BR>JAMES H. KEYS.<BR>Warren County, May 24.
Subject headings: Fugitive slaves--North Carolina--History--Sources;Slavery--North Carolina--History--Sources;Plantation life--North Carolina--History--Sources;North Carolina--History--1775-1865--Sources
Type: Text
Original format: clippings;advertisements
Language: en
Source collection: North Carolina Runaway Slave Advertisements Digital Collection
Collection home page: http://libcdm1.uncg.edu/cdm/landingpage/collection/RAS
Rights statement: http://rightsstatements.org/vocab/NoC-US/1.0/
Additional rights information: NO COPYRIGHT - UNITED STATES. This item has been determined to be free of copyright restrictions in the United States. The user is responsible for determing actual copyright status for any reuse of the material.
Microfilm #: 0319
Microfilm Roll: 3
Object ID: 03190301-1812-06-05-03-01
Date digitized: 2011
Digital master format: Image/tiff
Digital access format: Image/jp2
Digital publisher: The University of North Carolina at Greensboro
Funding source: NC ECHO Digitization Grant administered using LSTA funds through the State Library of North Carolina.
OCLC number: 908795281
