Item Metadata for: http://libcdm1.uncg.edu/cdm/ref/collection/RAS/id/1484
Headline: One hundred dollars reward
Publishing newspaper: Raleigh, N.C. : The North Carolina Minerva and Raleigh Advertiser
Date of advertisement: 1811-01-24
Page: 3
Time period (decade): 1810-1819
Person placing ad: A.D. Moore
Date of departure: 1810-12-08
County of residence: New Hanover County (N.C.)
Presumed or intended destination: Pittsboro (N.C.);Chatham County (N.C.);Hillsborough (N.C.)
Slave name(s): Hector
Slaveholder: A.D. Moore
Transcript: One Hundred Dollars Reward.<BR>RANAWAY from the subscriber on the 8th December last, a negro man, named HECTOR, about 5 feet 9 or 10 inches high, and 35 or 36 years of age. He is likely and well made, sensible and intelligent, and has art sufficient to invent the most plausible tales to prevent his being arrested. He can read, and I believe write, and will probably therefore have a pass. He usually wears his hair in a queue of 5 or 6 inches long and tied with a leather string, but the most certain way of identifying him will be from a circular scar upon his forehead. He was seen on the third of fourth inst. on horseback crossing Cambelton Ferry, below Fayetteville.--The horse he must have stolen. It is probable he will direct his course to the neighbourhood of Pittsborough Chatham County, where he has a general acquaintance, or he may push for Hillsborough, in the vicinty of which place he once lived 2 or 3 years, or he may endeavour to make his escape to Western country, or possibly make for a seaport in South Carolina or Georgia, wit a view of getting off in a vessel. Any person who will apprehend the above runaway and deliver him to me, on my plantation on Cape Fear, New Hanover county, shall receive the above reward and be allowed all reasonable expences.<BR>A.D. MOORE
Subject headings: Fugitive slaves--North Carolina--History--Sources;Slavery--North Carolina--History--Sources;Plantation life--North Carolina--History--Sources;North Carolina--History--1775-1865--Sources
Type: Text
Original format: clippings;advertisements
Language: en
Source collection: North Carolina Runaway Slave Advertisements Digital Collection
Collection home page: http://libcdm1.uncg.edu/cdm/landingpage/collection/RAS
Rights statement: http://rightsstatements.org/vocab/NoC-US/1.0/
Additional rights information: NO COPYRIGHT - UNITED STATES. This item has been determined to be free of copyright restrictions in the United States. The user is responsible for determing actual copyright status for any reuse of the material.
Microfilm #: 319
Microfilm Roll: 3
Object ID: 03190301-1811-01-24-03-01
Date digitized: 2011
Digital master format: Image/tiff
Digital access format: Image/jp2
Digital publisher: The University of North Carolina at Greensboro
Funding source: NC ECHO Digitization Grant administered using LSTA funds through the State Library of North Carolina.
OCLC number: 908786501
